Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#6251)
JabRef/jabref: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- 
Describe the changes you have made here: what, why, ... 
Link issues by using the following pattern: #333.

> If you fixed a koppor issue, link it with following pattern: [koppor#47](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/47).

Reviewer: Since fixing koppor issues is seldom, you ask the core developers to apply the linking style after merging the pull requests?

Reason: I would like to have the changelog rendered as

    - When an entry is fetched using a DOI, the DOI appears once. Fixes [koppor#8]`

Instead of

    - When an entry is fetched using a DOI, the DOI appears once. Fixes https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/8`

Similar question arises from normal issues. With the proposed changed syntax, issues won't be autolinked anymore (with plain GitHub without any plugins)

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1366654/78522968-7a2e1f00-77cf-11ea-97bf-48d184c7dd50.png)

Author: This information is about the body of the pull request not about the changelog, right?

The title of the PR must not reference an issue, because GitHub does not support autolinking there.
-->

<!-- 
- Go through the list below. If a task has been completed, mark it done by using `[x]`.
- Please don't remove any items, just leave them unchecked if they are not applicable.
-->

- [ ] Change in CHANGELOG.md described (if applicable)
- [ ] Tests created for changes (if applicable)
- [ ] Manually tested changed features in running JabRef (always required)
- [ ] Screenshots added in PR description (for UI changes)

> - [ ] [Checked documentation](https://docs.jabref.org/): Is the information available and up to date? If not created an issue at <https://github.com/JabRef/user-documentation/issues> or even better provided a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Checked documentation](https://docs.jabref.org/): Is the information available and up to date? If not, I created an issue at <https://github.com/JabRef/user-documentation/issues> or I submitted a pull request to the documentation repository.
```
